What we will do.
First thing, we will create a new Java project by the name so called video game here under the CRC
package I have my package here, my name and under that I have seven classes, but one is for actor,
no drama.
Second one is the third one for the baggage.
And fourth one is the mean of our board and the other one is the player.
And next thing, which will we have the so called and so command will be our main class here.
So another one we need the whole and under next resource package we have 40 meters.
First one is for the area and next one is the baggage which we have to move.
Next thing is the so called which will be the main player and here the one which will be the layout
of the board.
So what we have to firstly here I have done.
Created all these classes already.
What we will do, we control this one object with cursor keys.
We can also press the r e to return the level.
So when all bags are placed on the destination areas, the game is finished.
So we draw completely string in the left upper corner of the window.
So what we have to do, firstly, we need a board class here, this one under this board class, what
do we have to do?
Mainly this game is simplified.
It only provides the basic functionality and the game has only one level only.
So under this board class, firstly we will design a word game.
So here I will explain.
It inherits the G panel.
Now under this, what do we have to do?
We will write private for an end.
It will be name as offset here, which will be equal to the 30th.
And another variable which we need is a private final int by the name space on equal to 20.
Next thing which we need is the private final int.
It will be the left coalition.
Okay.
The last collision and it will be equal to the one next thing which we need the private final end,
and it will be the right collision here.
Right coalition are literally equal to the two here.
Other one which you need the private final in.
We need the top coalition also.
And here it will be equal to the three next one, which we need is the private final in the bottom coalition.
Here, it will be equal to the pool.
So the wall image is 20 by 20 blocs and this reflects the space constraint.
So the offset is the distance between the borders of the window and the game world.
And there are four types of coalition here.
Each one is represented by a numerical constraint.
So here these are the numerical constraints for these left.
One is for one, right, one is for two, one is for three and the bottom is one for four.
Now we need some ArrayList.
So here I will write a private red list for the role.
Here I will do roles here.
The next one, which I will need, is the private ArrayList.
And under this we need the package.
After that box here.
Another one is for released for area.
It will be eight years.
So here the wall bags and areas are special containers which hold all the body bags and ears of the
king.
Now we need a word player.
Very well here.
So I will write private players.
So.
And next one, we need the width and the height variable here.
So I will write private in edge, which will be equal to zero.
Next one is the private and.
W is equal to zero here.
And next thing which we need.
Okay.
So now what we need?
We need a level of the game.
So here I will take a string level.
So here I will write Private.
And I will make a string variable on this.
I will name it as the level and here I will give the level of my game first.
So here I will take.
Here.
We need some.
Firstly, I will do and then I will explain it.
What I'm going to do here needs.
Need some.
Kid three We need five, six on the backslash.
And here.
After that, we will need.
And the third one, which will be.
To hash.
Okay, Ash, then.
I will need a backslash.
And here.
Here.
Richard Peters.
Nicole Kidman.
Keep this control.
Let's see here.
Can we?
And I will be a donor here and then make one Swiss lesser known we here.
I will take.
Previous to hash share.
Do none.
Now.
We need our dollar here.
None.
Look.
Next thing here.
What we will do here, I will call.
Do I need a dollar?
Of course.
And then I need another dollar here.
Here.
Here, I.
Right.
And I repeat three hash, five more hash for this one is fine here.
No, six hash and.
Harsh and harsh and the food this.
Marry click and under four hashes.
One, two, three, four.
Here.
Just confidence.
No.
Here I will take.
Ashley and just copy.
Copy.
Would hash.
Need to specify this.
You.
Let's see.
Just to be here and here, I will flip to Nolan.
And then again, a dollar here.
Just remove this.
Okay.
Don't need this one here.
I will do one thing here.
I will take another food hash.
It will be to six hash.
Need another three hash here.
And then after a night here, I will write a trade and meet other to hash.
And.
This.
Okay.
So.
Which brings me here.
To.
We need three six something.
934, five, six, seven, eight.
We just remove the space here?
Remove this one, too.
Okay.
So here.
Almost two dozen.
Next one I will take.
I did.
Whether it.
One, two, three, four, eight.
Just need some little space.
Okay.
So here.
Just put a semicolon here.
So this will be the level of our game.
Here.
What?
This.
Except for this species here.
There are five characters.
The hash stands for the world.
And here the dollar represents the box to move.
And here, these dot characters represent the place where we must move the box.
And this character is the so common.
And finally, the new line here.
Slash starts a new row of the world.
So this will be the level of our game.
You does, right.
So once again, the hashes transponder $1 represent the box to the DOT, represent the place where we
must move the works here.
This will be our place here.
The ad character is just so common.
The main player of our game and slash and starts a new route of the world.